With text indexes, you get also not just search for words but you can also rule out words,
let me show you what I mean. If I would search for awesome
and I pretty print that,
we find both the book and the T-shirt.
Now let's say I only want to find awesome products which are not T-shirts, so I could do this by adding
awesome and then minus T-shirt. If I do this I only find the book because the minus in front of a word
means that this word should be excluded
and this is really helpful of course because it allows you to run narrowed down queries like this one
where you only find awesome products which are not T-shirts or which at least don't have T-shirt in
the title or in the description.